MergeTree part-level insertion deduplication (#8467)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/table_engines/mergetree.md

    -   `write_final_mark` — Enables or disables writing the final index mark at the end of data part (after the last byte). Default value: 1. Don’t turn it off.
    -   `merge_max_block_size` — Maximum number of rows in block for merge operations. Default value: 8192.
    -   `storage_policy` — Storage policy. See [Using Multiple Block Devices for Data Storage](#table_engine-mergetree-multiple-volumes).
    - `enable_insertion_deduplication` - Enable block insertion deduplication. Default value: 0.

>     - `insertion_deduplication_window` - How many last blocks of hashes should be kept in file (old blocks will be deleted). Default value: 100.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `insertion_deduplication_window` - How many last blocks of hashes should be kept (older blocks will be deleted). Default value: 100.
```
